http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_on_My_Shoulder_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_R._Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Chef_in_Love http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temur_Babluani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Park_III http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_J._Franco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(1951_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pump_Up_the_Volume_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Close_&_Personal http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Kerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grateful_Dead:_So_Far http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Kerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Babysitters http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Kerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Scott_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Siege_2:_Dark_Territory http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Seagal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Girls_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Seagal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If.... http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Medwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_Lin:_A_Strong_Clear_Vision http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freida_Lee_Mock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Things http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Shuler_Donner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%27Appartement http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Shuler_Donner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Arrows http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reid_Gershbein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Trip_to_Chinatown_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Fox_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowlands_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Poppins_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_'Em_Up_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Montford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanya_on_42nd_Street http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Berner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Postino:_The_Postman http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Cecchi_Gori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starship_Troopers_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Davison_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Park_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_DeVito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbarella_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_De_Laurentiis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepers_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Golin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_Moon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Polanski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nil_by_Mouth_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Urbanski
http://live.dbpedia.org/resource/I%27m_Not_Rappaport_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Urbanski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeward_Bound_II:_Lost_in_San_Francisco http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Jossen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_Jack http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Wincer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Lebowski http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coen_brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Newton_Boys http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Replacement_Killers http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Woo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lef http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Woo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tum_Teav_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Woo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leading_Man http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertil_Ohlsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertil_Ohlsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventeen_(1985_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertil_Ohlsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_the_Waves http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Aalb%C3%A6k_Jensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Mann_(director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Cup http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Foster_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness_(1993_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leif_Jonker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Texan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leif_Jonker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Impossible_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Double_Life_of_V%C3%A9ronique http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romper_Stomper http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Pringle_(director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truman_Show http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_S._Feldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braveheart http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Davey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Eight_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Samples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hungarian_Fairy_Tale http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Samples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_Fish http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Samples
http://live.dbpedia.org/resource/Pete's_Dragon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Samples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridicule http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Samples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Night_Is_Falling http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Tranter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pesu http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Tranter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulletproof_Monk http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Roven
http://live.dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Cats_&_Dogs http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Roven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Benjamin http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Roven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fled http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Mancuso,_Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomerang_(1992_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrington_Hudlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtuosity http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Lucchesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinner_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_Galin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bram_Stoker%27s_Dracula%27s_Curse http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_Galin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimson_Tide_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosferatu http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albin_Grau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Bar http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albin_Grau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_My_Concubine_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hsu_Feng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Taste http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Wood_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Di_Novi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tag:_The_Assassination_Game http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Rosenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Freak http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Happened_Was http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_(1946_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightmare_Before_Christmas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Di_Novi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bully_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_Cowgirls_Get_the_Blues_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Love_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Golin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_New_York http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Golin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Designated_Mourner http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trigger_Effect http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_F._Parkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Jimmy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_F._Parkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Wives_Club http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Rudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Boy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorne_Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowed http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Haggott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wend_Kuuni http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Haggott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_with_the_Fishes http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Haggott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadja_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_VI:_The_Undiscovered_Country http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven-Charles_Jaffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Puppet_Master http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screamers_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peking_Express_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_B._Wallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeus_and_Roxanne http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tank_Girl_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Dancing http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Gottlieb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Colors:_White http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Karmitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Princess http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Karmitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hour_of_the_Pig http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Karmitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Baked http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Simonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_IV:_The_Voyage_Home http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harve_Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbound_(1945_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_O._Selznick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Jones_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Wechsler_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Gilmore http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Simonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_De_Fina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normal_Life http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_De_Fina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_NeverEnding_Story_III http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Lee_Tichenor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manchurian_Candidate_(1962_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frankenheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebel_Without_a_Cause http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Weisbart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_Illusions http://dbpedia.org/resource/JoAnne_Sellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Planet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Nayfack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_President http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Reiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Gillian_on_Her_37th_Birthday http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_E._Kelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legends_of_the_Fall http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Herskovitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamerica http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Cecchi_Gori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Cecchi_Gori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bean_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bennett-Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spitfire_Grill http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_G._Stitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Ballroom http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_G._Stitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Hard http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Friedberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Women http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Altman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Altman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Chips http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Shelton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_of_Time_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.J._Caruso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringing_Up_Baby http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_&_Robin_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Butterfly_(1915_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raining_Stones http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Name_of_the_Father_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pompatus_of_Love http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Resnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Portrait_of_a_Lady_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Resnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Corner http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_II:_The_Wrath_of_Khan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Sallin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_Streets http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galt_Niederhoffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudden_Death_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_the_Century http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madonna_of_Avenue_A http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclo_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christophe_Rossignon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_at_Home_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Estevez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Estevez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenomenon_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Taylor_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swingers_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Favreau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_Ned http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Holmes_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_on_Earth http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Jarmusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_Maker http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Cecchi_Gori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_of_the_Giants http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_I._Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogus_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Jewison
http://live.dbpedia.org/resource/One_Fine_Day_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Jewison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_the_Hamptons http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Jewison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Die_For_(1989_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barin_Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Wife http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Hakim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Hell http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Hakim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_the_Earth_Stood_Still_(2008_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Stoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven%27s_Prisoners http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Stoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caro_diario http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanni_Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanni_Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Convert http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanni_Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawyer_Man http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanni_Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Lost_Children http://dbpedia.org/resource/F%C3%A9licie_Dutertre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Reitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Night http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kirkpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amityville_3-D http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kirkpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Fool%27s_Day_(1986_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kirkpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Cousins_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Chabrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter%27s_Darling_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Chabrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_&_Out http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Rudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Time_I_Committed_Suicide http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Preacher%27s_Wife http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coup_de_Torchon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_Born_Killers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thom_Mount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner_of_the_Mountains http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thom_Mount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neige http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thom_Mount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toy_Story_3 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darla_K._Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Dance_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darla_K._Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyson_Lovell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Program http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Rothman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_Respect http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Rothman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outbreak_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cook%2C_the_Thief%2C_His_Wife_&_Her_Lover http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manon_des_Sources_(1986_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Grunstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Di_Novi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_mostri http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Cecchi_Gori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Awfully_Big_Adventure http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Hinchcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_13_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Grazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Party_3 http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jackson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curtain_Pole http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jackson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Jones_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jackson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Boy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cary_Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Grimaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horseman_on_the_Roof http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Grimaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stars_Fell_on_Henrietta http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Eastwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Symphonie_Pastorale_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Eastwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Best_Friend%27s_Wedding http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Eastwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Away_Home http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Eastwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_in_the_Garden_of_Good_and_Evil_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Eastwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Ex http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Eastwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raiders_of_the_Lost_Ark http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man_Walking_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JLG/JLG_%E2%80%93_Self-Portrait_in_December http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Luc_Godard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Learning http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hall_(movie_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Box http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Woman http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Reuther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Road http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Reuther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Permut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Family_Robinson_(1960_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Permut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_Escapes http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Permut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Game_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hudsucker_Proxy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_of_the_Bride_Part_II http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Meyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Caballeros http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Old_Feeling_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Siege http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Seagal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She%27s_So_Lovely http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Seagal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Broderick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palookaville_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uberto_Pasolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Call_It_Loving http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_B._Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalypse_Now http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Ford_Coppola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_and_the_Hound http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Reitherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_and_the_Maiden_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thom_Mount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_in_Law http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_M._Lenkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Night_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Ordesky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnt_Offerings_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderland_(1999_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scout http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_Lives_Forever_(1946_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Buckner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophecy_II http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Greenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_to_Kill_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnon_Milchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_English_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnon_Milchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_It_to_Beaver_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Simonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RoboCop_3 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Simonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brady_Bunch_Movie http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Ladd,_Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Llorens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cable_Guy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judd_Apatow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_(1962_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judd_Apatow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_in_the_Shell:_Stand_Alone_Complex:_Solid_State_Society http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuhisa_Ishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Cause_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silences_of_the_Palace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maverick_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Davey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_Into_Spring http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Davey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_B._Wallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_You_Were_Sleeping http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Birnbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It%27s_My_Party_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Birnbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Perfect_World http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Johnson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedes_in_America http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Johnson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_What_You_Did_Last_Summer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_H._Mortiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Man_in_Africa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Tarlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Collins_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Woolley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Like_It_Like_That_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Janger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stealing_Candy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Janger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Falls_on_Manhattan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Janger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python%27s_Life_of_Brian http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Janger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehearsal_for_Murder http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Papazian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shawshank_Redemption http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niki_Marvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Claws http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_V._Michelucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BigLove http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Gross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_of_Courage http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Annaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_by_Northwest http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reluctant_Debutante http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_on_a_Hot_Tin_Roof_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Weingarten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Mancuso,_Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Usual_Suspects http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Kokin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_The_Motion_Picture http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Roddenberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I%27ll_Do_Anything http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Roddenberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fate%27s_Turning http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Roddenberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishmaster_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Human_Bondage_(1934_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandro_S._Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neon_Bible_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandro_S._Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transformers:_The_Movie http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandro_S._Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Great_Day_in_Harlem_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrell_Braly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Jam http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrell_Braly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Haine http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christophe_Rossignon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Pool http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christophe_Rossignon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Winter http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christophe_Rossignon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Brother_Trouble http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christophe_Rossignon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contact_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Starkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Expectations_(1998_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Linson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipper_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Linson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Rex http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Linson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_Drink_Man_Woman http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hsu_Li_Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them_Thar_Hills http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Roach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosewood_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Above_Water http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Wilson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_of_St._Vincent http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Wilson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bio-Dome http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Krevoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirits_of_the_Air%2C_Gremlins_of_the_Clouds http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Krevoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_Is_Bleeding http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Webster_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundin%27 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Webster_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unforgettable_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_De_Laurentiis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Shield http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_De_Laurentiis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerks http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Mosier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlander_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_N._Panzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daytrippers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Element http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrice_Ledoux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_Two_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Samples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboy_Holiday http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Alexander_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losing_Isaiah http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawk_Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice/Venice http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawk_Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_the_Year_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Keener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critical_Care_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Lumet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everest_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Judson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Arrest_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Winer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_vs._Frankenstein http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Adamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_Black_II http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_F._Parkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Five_Strikes_Back http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_F._Parkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_of_Mississippi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Paleologos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abyss http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale_Anne_Hurd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schindler%27s_List http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale_Anne_Hurd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_Room http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_de_Heer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Earrings http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Tugend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Noon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Golden_Pond_(1981_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blown_Away_(1994_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Barton_Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_Land http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cary_Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithful_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_De_Niro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Umbrellas_of_Cherbourg http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mag_Bodard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Friday http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Company_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Chernov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blob http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Chernov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben-Hur_(1959_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Zimbalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavyweights http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Birnbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_of_Desire http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatole_Dauman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Seconds http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_DeVito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Confidential_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Standoff http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Kopple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Natural_Thing http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Kopple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Evans_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_of_Evil http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Schmidlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_I_Married_an_Axe_Murderer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_N._Fried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Madness_of_King_George http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Parfitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosse_Fatigue http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Toscan_du_Plantier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Browning_Version_(1951_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_St._John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Collectionneuse http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_de_Beauregard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Chantas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_de_Beauregard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spawn_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_de_Beauregard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Seven http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sturges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Morphin_Power_Rangers:_The_Movie http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northfork http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zany_Adventures_of_Robin_Hood http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Donally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paths_of_Glory http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_B._Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gharshana http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_B._Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Gump http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Tisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stealing_Beauty http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Rich_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davis_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hackers_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davis_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Smith_Goes_to_Washington http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Capra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forget_Paris http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Crystal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can%27t_Sleep_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Crystal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amityville_II:_The_Possession http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_De_Laurentiis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordertown_(1935_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Science_Theater_3000:_The_Movie http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Mallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnie_the_Pooh_and_the_Blustery_Day http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Deceivers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Solomon_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_If_by_Sea http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_G._Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Personal_(2009_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_G._Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brassed_Off http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Abbott_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Blind http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Martinez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Ventura:_When_Nature_Calls http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirdosh http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaws_3-D http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wings_of_Eagles http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Schnee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senseless http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Austin_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Escape http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Eberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_Guy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haruki_Kadokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chairman_of_the_Board_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_M._Lenkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Madness_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_W._Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_with_Mikey http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Rudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Story_of_Barbara http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Christensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Chaser http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_N._Panzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Speed http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_N._Panzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larger_than_Life_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_N._Panzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-War http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_N._Panzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonsoir_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Mocky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_at_1600 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Kopelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Eve http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darryl_F._Zanuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Happiness_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darryl_F._Zanuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Apu http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satyajit_Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutthroat_Island http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Gun_33%E2%85%93:_The_Final_Insult http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_K._Weiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Foreign_Affair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Brackett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Is_Burning_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Livingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Serenade http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birdcage http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trial_by_Jury_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_G._Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Bits http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Ninja http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Krevoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Singer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Simonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Rising http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Could_Happen_to_You_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bliss_(1917_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Roach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_of_a_Black_Hat http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Roach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sheep_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorne_Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Musician_Killer http://dbpedia.org/resource/St%C3%A9phane_Tchalgadjieff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Power_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/St%C3%A9phane_Tchalgadjieff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeward_Bound:_The_Incredible_Journey http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_R._Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_of_Arabia_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Spiegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Victory http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_of_War_Information
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kid_in_King_Arthur%27s_Court http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_of_War_Information
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamland_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_of_War_Information
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steal_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Altmeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolya http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_So_Crazy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Dancing_(1988_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Sumner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deconstructing_Harry http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letty_Aronson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Kid http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letty_Aronson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searching_for_Bobby_Fischer http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Horberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Hollywood http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lori_Jo_Nemhauser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_Wild http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Foster_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Brady_Sequel http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Ladd,_Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Gangstas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Girls_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brown_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keys_to_Tulsa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Greif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Even_with_Dad http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Jacobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charade_(1953_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rear_Window http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Musketeer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshe_Diamant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Kane http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Scandal http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_for_an_Eye_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contempt_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_de_Beauregard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula:_Dead_and_Loving_It http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Dear_to_My_Heart http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perce_Pearce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Benny http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perce_Pearce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primal_Fear_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Lucchesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treasure_of_the_Sierra_Madre_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Blanke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romy_and_Michele%27s_High_School_Reunion http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Blanke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopping_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Bolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unforgiven http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Eastwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_in_the_Clouds http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil_Netter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Bedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_R http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Bedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Associate http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Markey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Team_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Markey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_Attacks%21 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Markey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_the_Spy_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Markey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switchblade_Sisters http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Prizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Graduate http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_E._Levine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunston_Checks_In http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Wizan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabbeh_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalil_Daroudchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushwhacked_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_B._Wessler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firestorm_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Weisman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattanites http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Weisman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_V:_The_Final_Frontier http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harve_Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Days_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_Guffman http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_of_Eden_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elia_Kazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aparajito http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elia_Kazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grumpier_Old_Men http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davis_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sgt._Bilko_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davis_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_Mexico http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Gallardo_(actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Buddha http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Runnings http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nieng_Arp http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kam_Chanty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_at_Bernie%27s_II http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kam_Chanty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Knight http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunt_Lowry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shool http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Gopal_Varma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_Dead_Fred http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Webster_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solution_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Webster_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_de_Jour_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_and_Raymond_Hakim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Firecracker http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_and_Raymond_Hakim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aristocats http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Reitherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_All_There_Is http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Kastner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critters_4 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Kastner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Wally_Sparks http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Greif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_Blue http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Greif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_V_(1989_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Greif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumbo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Reeds http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Sarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switchback_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale_Anne_Hurd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makdee http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vishal_Bhardwaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_of_No_Importance_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Cavendish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_the_World_Ended http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Corman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Roy_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirror_Has_Two_Faces http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnon_Milchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_Stand_(1997_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Figgis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Food_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llewellyn_Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apt_Pupil_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Singer
http://dbpedia.org/page/Matilda_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Honors_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_on_the_Bus http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Man http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_O._Selznick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_&_Joon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forbidden_Christ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenio_Fontana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingle_All_the_Way http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Barnathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Werewolf_in_London http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Folsey,_Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_City_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Kopelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante%27s_Peak http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Kopelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Rose_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Wizan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_Fishin%27_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Wizan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Dollhouse http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Solondz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mard http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Solondz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bronx_Tale http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gatien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostwood http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gatien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busting http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Chartoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liebelei_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Chartoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmetto_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Corley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sense_and_Sensibility_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsay_Doran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_the_Moment_(1955_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Stewart_(film_editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Rudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_of_the_Damned_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_of_Heaven http://dbpedia.org/resource/Errol_Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crossing_Guard http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Penn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kull_the_Conqueror http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raffaella_De_Laurentiis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Stakeout http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathleen_Summers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prefontaine_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathleen_Summers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Fist http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinya_Tsukamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Weddings_and_a_Funeral http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Payne http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Tatelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_Man http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Johnson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Jungle_Book:_Mowgli_&_Baloo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Damon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Big_League http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Nicolaides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Act_in_Question http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annemiek_van_Gorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Girl_in_Hollywood http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don%27t_Be_a_Menace_to_South_Central_While_Drinking_Your_Juice_in_the_Hood http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Call_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Teen http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanette_Burstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_Zone_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What%27s_Love_Got_to_Do_with_It_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Maguire http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Crowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterworld http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davis_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swept_from_the_Sea http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davis_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hana-bi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takio_Yoshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fargo_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coen_brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Yes http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Berger_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Rudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Mother%27s_Son http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Rudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stripes_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Goldberg_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favorite_Year http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_Bride_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Onodera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_to_Harry http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Onodera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Things_Fair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Holst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Substitute http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Holst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_the_Sun http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Morrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F.I.S.T. http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Corman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinocchio_3000 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Corman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_America_(1990_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menahem_Golan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leopard_Man http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_Lewton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amistad_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Wilson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Aphrodite http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Greenhut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Made_Me_a_Criminal http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Greenhut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panther_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_L._Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amityville:_It%27s_About_Time http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_L._Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_to_Do_in_Denver_When_You%27re_Dead http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_L._Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Shot http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_the_House_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Katz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladdin_(1992_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Katz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_III:_The_Time_of_the_Great_Giving http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zahra_Dowlatabadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_III_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Bayly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Parker_and_the_Vicious_Circle http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Altman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rog http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pooja_Bhatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Colors:_Blue http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Karmitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amityville_Curse http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Battista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platoon_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Kopelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sold_for_Marriage http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Kopelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disclosure_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Levinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Industry_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evzen_Kolar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joy_Luck_Club_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Markey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clockers_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Scorsese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threesome_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Scorsese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Weekend http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Reitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_&_Earth_(1993_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Kassar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Squall_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Kassar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outlaw http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Measures http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nixon_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afterglow_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_McLindon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchanted_April http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Hamilton_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Local_Hero http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iain_Smith_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Simple_Twist_of_Fate http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farinelli_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Love_and_War_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_(1991_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_De_Fina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_Girls http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_De_Fina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arjun_(1985_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_De_Fina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Me_in_St._Louis http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Freed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philadelphia_Story_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_L._Mankiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Women_(1994_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Di_Novi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Mask http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Di_Novi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobb_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnon_Milchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shantham http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._V._Gangadharan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face/Off http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Permut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Film_that_Wasn%27t http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Permut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Englishman_Who_Went_Up_a_Hill_But_Came_Down_a_Mountain http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Weinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinta_1881 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Weinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insaciable http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Weinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Striking_Distance http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnon_Milchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_Tara http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahram_Bayzai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_vs._Larry_Flynt http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hausman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Whom_the_Bell_Tolls_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hausman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jungle_Book_2 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hausman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Frankenstein http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hausman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Odessa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Webster_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_Dracula%27s_Castle http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Webster_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evening_Star http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kirkpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eraser_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Kopelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primary_Colors_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Lies http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courage_Under_Fire http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davis_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crying_Game http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Woolley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_Starr%2C_Reporter http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Woolley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It%27s_a_Wonderful_Life http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Woolley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_a_.45 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Woolley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_Train_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Canton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_with_Guns http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Canton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_2 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Maddalena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Thunder http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dances_with_Wolves http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daens_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Schrap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hall_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Lipper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Nude_Girls http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_White_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intimate_Stories http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_White_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_to_Sea http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davis_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunt_for_Red_October_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mace_Neufeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Othello_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Barron_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_in_the_Stone_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Men http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamra_Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_Runner http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Deeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Man_Standing_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Hill_(director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnaval http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Hill_(director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnie_Brasco_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Johnson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Calls_Up http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Todd_Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.F.W. http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Pollock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Alone http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hughes_(filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooklyn http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speechless_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geena_Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Goofy_Movie http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geena_Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Trouble_(1948_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Sylvan_Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_and_Freedom http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%27Initiation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Madison http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Simonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blink_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Blocker
http://dbpedia.org/page/Children_of_the_Revolution_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Blocker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixed_Nuts http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Solomon_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Unforgettable_Summer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bortnovschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howling_III http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Waterstreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_of_the_Mohicans http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Faccenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Lash http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Faccenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_and_Shadows http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Faccenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Bug http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Walsh_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thin_Line_Between_Love_and_Hate http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jackson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_America_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_in_Paris http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bradley_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_and_Valentino http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quick_and_the_Undead http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearless_(1993_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_the_West http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D3:_The_Mighty_Ducks http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Kerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papori http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailadhar_Baruah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Life_Less_Ordinary http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Macdonald_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Adventures_of_Tom_Thumb http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hutchinson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groundhog_Day_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Ramis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Murder_Mystery http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Greenhut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabin_Fever_(2000_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Greenhut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curdled_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Tarantino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_Men http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Bronfman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coneheads_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorne_Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2001:_A_Space_Odyssey_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kubrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe%27s_Apartment http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kubrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Huck http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_1970 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Babysitter http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Schumacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavenly_Creatures http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muppet_Treasure_Island http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Henson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Darn_Cat%21_(1965_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Henson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_Sunrise http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Walker-McBay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Faces_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Walker-McBay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Destination_3 http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wong_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Live_or_Let_Die http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wong_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_Angels http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Fengler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crude_Oil_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Fengler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_Generations http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Space_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hopkins_(director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Caraboo_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Rosenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Shots%21_Part_Deux http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Rosenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_and_the_Badman http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_2_Jungle http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Krevoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Hall http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_H._Joffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indru http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_H._Joffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crumb_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Zwigoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridges_of_Madison_County_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Eastwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sneakers_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Eastwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condition_Dead http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil%27s_Advocate_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fried_Green_Tomatoes http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Avnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Floyd_-_The_Wall http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Avnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squeeze_Play%21 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Avnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_in_New_York http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Scorsese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kika http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agust%C3%ADn_Almod%C3%B3var
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Close_Shave http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_with_the_Wind_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_O._Selznick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_as_Sin http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Ransohoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodline_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Ransohoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Band_Wagon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Ransohoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Line_of_Duty:_Street_War http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Lowry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upton_House http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Lowry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Sun_in_Venice http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Lowry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Amy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Mosier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Above_the_Rim http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Pollack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Girl http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Pollack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Would_Be_King_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Foreman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Chartoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Square_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Chartoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocahontas_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Chartoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judgment_Night_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Vance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visitor_Q http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Vance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Gathering http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Vance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_steppa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moris_Ergas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulholland_Falls http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_D._Zanuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoyes http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_D._Zanuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Andreacchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Diner http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Andreacchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Angel http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Pommer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sliding_Doors http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Pollack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Fish_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinevere_Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinevere_Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MouseHunt_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinevere_Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldene_Zeiten http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinevere_Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telling_Lies_in_America http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran_Rubel_Kuzui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Arizona http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coen_brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pyromaniac%27s_Love_Story http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coen_brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_and_Then_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_Daze http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milk_Money_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Marshall_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_bewegte_Mann http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernd_Eichinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrano_de_Bergerac_(1990_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Szots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Crime_(1999_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Eastwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leader_(1964_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sashadhar_Mukherjee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_White_Hype http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Berner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Cock_the_Movie http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Berner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Room_with_a_View_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Merchant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_(1954_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina%2C_Down_Under http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Highway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Who_Walked_by_Herself http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideya_Garanina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Dogs_Go_to_Heaven_2 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Life_2 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Affair_(1994_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Life_5 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_6 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlander:_The_Source http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_80_Days_(1956_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_McClory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_Home:_The_Adventures_of_Yellow_Dog http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_O'Brian_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cats_Don%27t_Dance http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_O'Brian_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Intentions http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_O'Brian_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Mountain_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Frost_Sanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Frost_Sanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persuasion_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivian_Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Men http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Johnson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notorious_(1946_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Realm_of_the_Senses http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatole_Dauman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Believers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Childers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Continent http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_L._Lasky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Agent_420 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_L._Lasky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Face http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Edens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigi_(1958_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Freed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Powers:_International_Man_of_Mystery http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Season_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Moore_(cartoonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Air_Up_There http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_W._Cort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Hat http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandro_S._Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Grand_Day_Out http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandro_S._Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Town http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandro_S._Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excess_Baggage http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Silverstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatland:_The_Movie http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Caplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incognito_(1997_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Caplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wes_Craven%27s_New_Nightmare http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Caplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemesis_2:_Nebula http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Caplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Turner_(actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_of_Zorro http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Turner_(actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Thing http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Turner_(actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Summer_(1973_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Turner_(actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Slickers_II:_The_Legend_of_Curly%27s_Gold http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Turner_(actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Death_on_Long_Island http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Zimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_This_Is_Washington http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hersh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayn_Rand:_A_Sense_of_Life http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Paxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Paxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortal_Beloved_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Davey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_Tannenbaum http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Benayoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Sperling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_White_and_the_Seven_Dwarfs_(1937_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Hand_Luke http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Ninjas:_High_Noon_at_Mega_Mountain http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcano_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_High http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_LoCash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Green http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_LoCash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_New_York http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisami_Kuroiwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Minds http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/22_June_1897 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backbeat_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Woolley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bananas%21* http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Woolley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supercock http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_Turn http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celluloid_Closet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butch_Cassidy_and_the_Sundance_Kid http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Foreman_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Metal_2000 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Pettigrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Acres_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Is_a_Woman http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SubUrbia_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_Killer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Men_and_True http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Willy_3:_The_Rescue http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Lew_Tugend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphaville_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Lew_Tugend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenin_in_1918 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Lew_Tugend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Greater_Love_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Lew_Tugend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apple_Dumpling_Gang_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Lew_Tugend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horse_Whisperer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Lew_Tugend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malle_Gevallen http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Lew_Tugend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menace_II_Society http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Lew_Tugend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Richard http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Pacino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_Five http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runme_Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_of_My_Heart http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Scorsese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_in_Our_House http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Finnegan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Resurrection http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Giler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Girl_Friday http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suture_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_McGehee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interview_with_the_Assassin http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Koppelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Lives_and_Only_One_Death http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulo_Branco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Piano http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Utah_Kid_(1944_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Strohbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Warp%27d http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Strohbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babe_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Miller_(filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barb_Wire_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Wyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Parts_(1997_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Reitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Reitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tombstone_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Jacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_America_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marked_for_Death http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Seagal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Over_Me_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolly_Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Saves_His_Family http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whip_Hubley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_(1997_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Musker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Girl_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Musker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Days_in_September http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luiz_Carlos_Barreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelly_and_Mr._Arnaud http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Sarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelfth_Night_(1955_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Sarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Much_Ado_About_Nothing_(1993_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Parfitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Pyongyang http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Parfitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Heads_in_a_Duffel_Bag http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Stabler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commitments http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_J._Kelly_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_Velocity_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_W._Cort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spanish_Prisoner http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Doumanian_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_C%C3%A9r%C3%A9monie http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Karmitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_Bites http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_DeVito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirens_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Milliken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Florette http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Milliken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_of_Dreams http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gordon_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Life_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gordon_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Rendez-vous_de_Paris http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gordon_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_of_Night http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_G._Vajna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_(1997_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Birnbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_19th_Step http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Birnbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveller_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Birnbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booty_Call http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Turman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Horizon_(1937_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Capra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dazed_and_Confused http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Jacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diabolique_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_G._Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_Paradiso http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_G._Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ransom_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Rudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertaining_Angels:_The_Dorothy_Day_Story http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Rudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian_(1982_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raffaella_De_Laurentiis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caged_Fury_(1989_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raffaella_De_Laurentiis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calendar_Girl_(1993_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey_Drive http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Instinct_2 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Kassar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Kombat_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Kasanoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Swingin%27_Summer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Kasanoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Kasanoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favorite_Season http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Sarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_and_Sarah http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pippa_Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Nights http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pippa_Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Marshals_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Kopelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wooly_Boys http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Kopelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprung_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Kopelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Careful_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Klymkiw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Sleeper http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Kassar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feast_of_July http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bradley_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharaoh_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bradley_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_Without_a_Face http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bradley_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Witches http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bradley_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood:_Prince_of_Thieves http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pen_Densham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flirting_with_Disaster http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pen_Densham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shallow_Grave http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Macdonald_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Cop_III http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mace_Neufeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Line_of_Fire http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Katz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Ropes http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Katz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vegas_Vacation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Weintraub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeisters http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Dillon
http://dbpedia.org/page/A_Walk_in_the_Sun_(1945_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Dillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gridlock%27d http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Dillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Degrees_of_Separation_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnon_Milchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Poets_Society http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Thomas_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Endless_Summer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Brother%27s_Ghost http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt_Earp_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Wilson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_World_of_El_Superbeasto http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Zombie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuo_II:_Body_Hammer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinya_Tsukamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanking_the_Monkey http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Silvers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphere_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Levinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_Theory_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houseguest http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Birnbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Canton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumble_in_the_Bronx http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Company_of_Men http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Own_Private_Idaho http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_(1994_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%27innocente http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Friends_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Campion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Rock_West http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Golin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Colors:_Red http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Golin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Darkside:_The_Movie http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_P._Rubinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cary_Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Corn_IV:_The_Gathering http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cary_Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantoms_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Weinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Thing_You_Do%21 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Weinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hounded http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Schain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balto_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Spielberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_of_Venus_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Spielberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_City_(1998_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Proyas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed%27s_Next_Move http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Proyas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Bunch http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Proyas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years_in_Tibet_(1997_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_H._Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_(1950_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_McMullen http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Beauty_(1994_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Shapiro_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Striptease_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_America http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnon_Milchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Heaven http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Roach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saul_Zaentz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladdin_and_the_King_of_Thieves http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tad_Stones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Sins http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Hardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpool_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnon_Milchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sajni http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnon_Milchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalker_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnon_Milchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhaji_on_the_Beach http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadine_Marsh-Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brocket_99 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Hitchner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Paris http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Hitchner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inspector_General_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_Boy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseanna%27s_Grave http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Karate_Kid http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Weintraub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Story_4:_First_Strike http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Weintraub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_of_Burlesque http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunt_Stromberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remains_of_the_Day_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightwatch_(1997_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Obel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_Town_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Obel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powder_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Grodnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_with_Muscles http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Shuster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Willy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Shuler_Donner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Wonka_&_the_Chocolate_Factory http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_L._Wolper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beavis_and_Butt-head_Do_America http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Blakey_(music_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Ashes http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Blakey_(music_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_of_Friends_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Blakey_(music_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kundun http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_De_Fina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_Frankenstein http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Laemmle,_Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_(1944_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Preminger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gun http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumb_and_Dumber http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Olson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masada_Live_at_Tonic_1999 http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Zorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweet_Hereafter_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camelia_Frieberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Horse http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Johnson_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_the_End_of_the_World http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_Felsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertigo_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underworld_(1927_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_Turnbull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonewall_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Vachon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parent_Trap_II http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Vachon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxfire_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Vachon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Periscope http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Vachon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Beauty http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Vachon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Baby_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Shteinman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geronimo:_An_American_Legend http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Canton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Fighter_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_R._Pressman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kama_Sutra:_A_Tale_of_Love http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Nair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfly_Kiss http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Nair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lacemaker http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_Gasser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_to_Talk_About_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldie_Hawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wag_the_Dog http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_De_Niro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_Brunswick http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_of_the_Jungle_2 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Kerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beast_(1991_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Hahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_One_Night http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Capra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albino_Alligator http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Krevoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_World:_Jurassic_Park http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Wilson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Lord_Fauntleroy_(1936_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_O._Selznick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exterminator_2 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Buntzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiloh_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chip_Rosenbloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_esqueleto http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chip_Rosenbloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_Months_(1980_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiaki_Imada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Line_King:_The_Al_Hirschfeld_Story http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Warms_Dryfoos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin%27s_Room_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Warms_Dryfoos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_from_Lehrer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Warms_Dryfoos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_Assignment http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Warms_Dryfoos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glengarry_Glen_Ross_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Warms_Dryfoos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basquiat http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Warms_Dryfoos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_in_Paris_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Freed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fools_Rush_In_(1997_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_McDonnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Simple_Wish http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_McDonnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Snatchers_(1993_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_McDonnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Trousers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hush_(1998_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Wick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeway_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Wyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_&_Lies_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Channing-Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_the_Afternoon_(1957_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andre_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_of_Stone http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Sadler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_and_Mrs._Muir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Kohlmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Brew http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Kohlmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_and_Won http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_B._DeMille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Birds http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_D'Amato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Dusk_till_Dawn http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianni_Nunnari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Behave http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianni_Nunnari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_&_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianni_Nunnari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody%27s_Fool_(1994_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianni_Nunnari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silence_of_the_Hams http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianni_Nunnari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Twist http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianni_Nunnari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reservoir_Dogs http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil_(1985_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_and_the_Darkness http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Hill_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Rangoon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Pleskow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Romance http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girls_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_in_the_Outfield_(1994_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Birnbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_Night http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossfire_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Spinal_Tap http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kismet_(1930_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Butterfly_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriella_Martinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McHale%27s_Navy_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriella_Martinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bed_of_Roses_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriella_Martinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mouth_of_Madness http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriella_Martinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Off_Dead_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriella_Martinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pallbearer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Webster_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalingrad_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Webster_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Family_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Ford_Coppola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightflyers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Jaffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poetic_Justice_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Singleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosse_Pointe_Blank http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Singleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Returns http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Di_Novi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_by_Me_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Scheinman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amorina http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Scheinman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Dictator http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Target http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Jacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirage_(1965_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Keller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Panda_Adventure http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Mario_Bros._(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Eberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_Talks http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Eberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder%21 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Eberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Months http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Barnathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Darn_Cat_(1997_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Simonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Good_as_It_Gets http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristi_Zea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristi_Zea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Town http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristi_Zea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Alone_3 http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hughes_(filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellraiser:_Bloodline http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hughes_(filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoop_Dreams http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_James_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deadly_Duo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Run_Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_and_Present_Danger_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Run_Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Bill_(2011_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Run_Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_in_the_Face http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Run_Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Noon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_and_Raymond_Hakim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Kiss_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_and_Raymond_Hakim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rich_Man%27s_Wife http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_and_Raymond_Hakim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Hood http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_and_Raymond_Hakim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalifornia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Demme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_to_Eden_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_K._Milkis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophecy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Soisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhyme_&_Reason_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Sollinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodfellas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irwin_Winkler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_Man http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merian_C._Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Town http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_McAleese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candyman_2:_Farewell_to_the_Flesh http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregg_Fienberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nell_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodie_Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumanji http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_J._Franco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloody_27_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_J._Franco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bastard_Out_of_Carolina_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_J._Franco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python_and_the_Holy_Grail http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_J._Franco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RocketMan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Birnbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogie_Nights http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Levin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Hill_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Burger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Wishes_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Green_(filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tango_Lesson http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Water_for_Chocolate_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Arau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Siege http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Arau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Decision http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Arrow_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedd_Wyn_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_in_the_Cadillac http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faster%2C_Pussycat%21_Kill%21_Kill%21 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie_Rides_Again http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Walsh_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addicted_to_Love_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Weinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Nikita http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Gittes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_of_the_Bride_(1950_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandro_S._Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Addiction http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Dream_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Kopple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cronos_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_H._Gorson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Bakshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_Passage_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Bakshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Juan_DeMarco http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Fuchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameriera_bella_presenza_offresi... http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Fuchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Clockwork_Orange_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kubrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Brown_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shall_We_Dance_(1937_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandro_S._Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermont_Is_for_Lovers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandro_S._Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Race http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandro_S._Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showgirls http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Kassar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don%27t_Want_to_Talk_About_It_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Kassar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flubber_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hughes_(filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautician_and_the_Beast http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran_Drescher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Chan:_My_Stunts http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Doors http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Harry_Met_Sally... http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Reiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restoration_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Reiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Victoria http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_or_Not_to_Be_(1942_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Lubitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_in_Brooklyn http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deer_Hunter http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Spikings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaslight_(1944_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hornblow,_Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godfather_Part_II http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Ford_Coppola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getawarayo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sesha_Palihakkara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Frank_Remembered http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushing_Hands_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hsu_Li_Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_Slate_(1994_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_D._Zanuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amateur_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_D._Zanuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Hard_2 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Doubtfire http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepover_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Roan_Inish http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeant_Madden http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_&_Andrew http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Goetzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Presidents http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Goetzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Reilly_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Heyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_&_Insects http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Heyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Love_or_Money_(1963_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Arthur_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedknobs_and_Broomsticks http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Walsh_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congorama http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Rouschop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassie_(1994_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorne_Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_John_Doe http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Capra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Magic_(1949_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Ratoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Dead_(1990_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Corman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_You_(1994_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Corman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve%27s_Bayou http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Corman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Angry_Men_(1957_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Professionnel http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Belmondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bread_and_Chocolate http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turi_Vasile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Dumbo_Drop http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turi_Vasile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C%27%C3%A9tait_un_rendez-vous http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turi_Vasile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sliver_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Evans_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Diables http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Evans_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Sarajevo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damian_Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fish_Called_Wanda http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Shamberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Conspiracy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_G._Vajna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Measures http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Hurley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perversion_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Mojica_Marins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_God http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Mojica_Marins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_of_Darkness http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Tapert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Kind_of_Wonderful_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hughes_(filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovelife http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuller_French
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeling_Minnesota http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_DeVito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasia_2000 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_E._Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_Oblivion http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Viscidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Missed_Flight_93 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Viscidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepless_in_Seattle http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Viscidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Willy_2:_The_Adventure_Home http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Lew_Tugend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeper_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Lew_Tugend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daybreakers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Lew_Tugend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addams_Family_Values http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Rudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Street http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cary_Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_Makes_a_Movie http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Schuyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Flew_Over_the_Cuckoo%27s_Nest_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Schuyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Altman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooting_Fish http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Altman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Days_in_the_Valley http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Altman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Chasers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Beckwith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moll_Flanders_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_B._Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Away_with_Murder_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svart_Lucia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelid http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unstrung_Heroes http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_(1989_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Uslan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_L.A. http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninotchka http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Lubitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copycat_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Tarlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandidas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luc_Besson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priest_(1994_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_S._J._Faber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_a_Private_Eye http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_S._J._Faber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Music_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dingo_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Rosenberg_(screenwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She%27s_the_One http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Rosenberg_(screenwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Hard http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Zoe http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Action_Hero http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McTiernan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_Guest http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McTiernan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazaam http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaquille_O'Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mute_Witness http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_K%C3%B6nig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_in_Smoke http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantis_in_Lace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Novak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_Risk http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Novak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Smile_Like_Yours http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kirkpatrick_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaconda_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verna_Harrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Rooms http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What%27s_Eating_Gilbert_Grape http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shag_(1989_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Woolley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponette http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Sarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny_Turns_on_the_Radio http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Samples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Samples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_&_Gromit:_The_Best_of_Aardman_Animation http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_in_a_Blue_Dress_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Demme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karenina_(1997_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Davey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiz_Show http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jacobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlito%27s_Way http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jacobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fierce_Creatures http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Shamberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Withnail_and_I http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Heller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Estrella http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Heller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pather_Panchali http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Heller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Damsel_in_Distress_(1937_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandro_S._Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Army_Now_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandro_S._Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cops_and_Robbers_(1951_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_De_Laurentiis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_of_the_Spirits http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Rizzoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knife_in_the_Head http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberhard_Junkersdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loch_Ness_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Fellner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tie_Me_Up%21_Tie_Me_Down%21 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Fellner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunchaser http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnon_Milchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cassavetes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shall_We_Dance%3F_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cassavetes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crow:_City_of_Angels http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Most
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Boy_(1946_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Mooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daylight_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davis_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Sky_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_H._Solo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Knew_Too_Little http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Tarlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touched_(1983_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Tarlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B*A*P*S http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Tarlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrington_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Tarlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel%27s_Wedding http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Tarlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harem_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Tarlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Baumgartner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carried_Away_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hertzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relative_Fear http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Wodoslawsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Wrong http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Katz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fugitive_Valley http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Weeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Boys_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Reaction_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Davis_(film_director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stuff http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Kurta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_and_Maude http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Higgins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swimming_with_Sharks http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Higgins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Rain_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Bryce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Full_Monty http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uberto_Pasolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Egypt http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Katzenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clueless_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Rudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_in_Paradise http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_producer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakdown_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_De_Laurentiis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exotica_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom_Egoyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_(1976_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Monash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallrats http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Jacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie%27s_Choice_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Jacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Metal_Jacket http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kubrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nutty_Professor http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_P._Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Wellville_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armyan_Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/page/Flirt_(1983_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armyan_Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Eclipse_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Co_Producer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Winterbourne http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Pollock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottle_Rocket http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Taylor_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Human_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Taylor_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_and_Chocolate http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Taylor_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_God_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widows%27_Peak http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Room http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Ettinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Cuts http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Ettinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(_)_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ploning http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jourdan_Sebastian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon%27s_Senior_Trip http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jourdan_Sebastian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Shorty_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_DeVito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_III:_The_Search_for_Spock http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harve_Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Serenade http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Rudnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selena_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moctesuma_Esparza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Much http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moctesuma_Esparza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone_Says_I_Love_You http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Greenhut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Jones_and_the_Last_Crusade http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Day_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Devlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetra_J._MacBride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1871_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_of_Paradise_(1932_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Vidor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Affair_to_Remember http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_McCarey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tengers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_McCarey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers%27_Kiss http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_McCarey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Demme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_English_Patient_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saul_Zaentz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller%27s_Crossing http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saul_Zaentz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Genius http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Grazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Innocent_(1993_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Heyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Dalmatians_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hughes_(filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_King http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Hahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbulence_(1997_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Ransohoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_Soup_(1933_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_J._Mankiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaving_Las_Vegas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lila_Caz%C3%A8s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullets_Over_Broadway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqui_Safra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%27Til_There_Was_You http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqui_Safra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideaway_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimel_Everett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_98_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimel_Everett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia_(1997_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Goldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bacon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_X http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_It_Off http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Pollock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gang_Related http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Pollock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demolition_Man_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Married_Margo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Zakman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kicking_and_Screaming_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Zakman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Dead_II http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvin_Shapiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret%27s_Museum http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvin_Shapiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvin_Shapiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_or_Three_Things_I_Know_About_Her http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatole_Dauman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulp_Fiction http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediterraneo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianni_Minervini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_Man_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Greenhut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patton_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_McCarthy_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germinal_(1993_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodo_Scriba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargate_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShowBIZ_Data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckless_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShowBIZ_Data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gattaca http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_DeVito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Man_Godfrey http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_La_Cava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frisk_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Gerrans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.T._the_Extra-Terrestrial http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Spielberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celtic_Pride http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Birnbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swan_Princess http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Rich_(director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Moon http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_G._Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crowd_(1928_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Thalberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pagemaster http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kirschner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Fair_Lady_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Price_Above_Rubies http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candyman_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Golin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_the_Garden http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%93scar_Dancigers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deceiver_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%93scar_Dancigers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Favor http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Shuler_Donner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Boulevard_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Brackett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_as_a_Lily http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_J._Kingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Juror http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irwin_Winkler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonheart http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raffaella_De_Laurentiis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulletproof_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie_Brillstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_the_Man http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie_Brillstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picnic_(1955_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie_Brillstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Left_Foot_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie_Brillstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peege http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie_Brillstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Ground http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darrell_Roodt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosencrantz_and_Guildenstern_Are_Undead http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Vel%C3%A1squez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trees_Lounge http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Hanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Rising http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Kehela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Will_Hunting http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_People_(1982_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Bruckheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airheads http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Simonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Hard_with_a_Vengeance http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McTiernan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunchback_of_Notre_Dame_II http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Saotome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twister_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Bryce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Roberts http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Bevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Make_an_American_Quilt http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Pillsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Diggers:_The_Secret_of_Bear_Mountain http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Pillsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unbearable_Lightness_of_Being_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Zaentz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Bud http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Zaentz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Magoo_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Myron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lured http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Myron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Town http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_S._Traynor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Ruth http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_S._Traynor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beverly_Hillbillies_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Bryce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amityville:_A_New_Generation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_White_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Month_by_the_Lake http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Specialist http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Weintraub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Overture http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ittisoontorn_Vichailak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sling_Blade http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Meistrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumby:_The_Movie http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Clokey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_We_Were_Kings http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sonenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Bath http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Corman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Robinson_Crusoe http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Corman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_and_Minds_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Schneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indian_in_the_Cupboard_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Marshall_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween:_The_Curse_of_Michael_Myers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moustapha_Akkad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_Power http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gill_Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_and_Clyde_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_Perfect_(1997_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Stoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unzipped_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Stoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Time_I_Saw_Paris http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Cummings_(director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_the_Best_3:_No_Turning_Back http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillip_Rhee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnt_by_the_Sun http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Seydoux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spice_World_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnaby_Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starman_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Domim_Tree http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eitan_Evan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_or_Consequences%2C_N.M._(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eitan_Evan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Chabert_(1994_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eitan_Evan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bent_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Sherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Wide_World http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Reidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hero_Never_Dies http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wai_Ka-Fai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_(1931_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wai_Ka-Fai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Yeller_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Anderson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Kiss_Goodnight http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parisu http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_and_Talking http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Schamus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoodlum_&_Son http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Schamus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Like_It_Hot http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Revolution http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_Bell_Blues_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Curb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_(1940_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_O._Selznick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiao_Wu http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Kit_Ming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Catch_a_Thief http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacknife http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jury_Duty_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Seal http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Kids http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Avellan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Basketball_Diaries_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Avellan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captives http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_M._Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Kombat:_Annihilation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Kasanoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Human_Remains http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Latour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Bloomer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Latour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood:_Men_in_Tights http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Event_Horizon_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Levin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_and_the_Giant_Peach_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Di_Novi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingpin_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Stabler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Stabler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Pink_Panther http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondovino http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Nossiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Bridge http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Nossiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koyaanisqatsi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_Reggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Chienne http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Braunberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Martin_Guerre http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Braunberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liar_Liar http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Grazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Kill_a_Mockingbird_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mulligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise_the_Red_Lantern http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Wenze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apostle http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Duvall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminator_2:_Judgment_Day http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Object_of_My_Affection http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pie_in_the_Sky_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Mindel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doom_Generation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Sperling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Low_Down_Dirty_Shame http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Birnbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Robin_Hood_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Birnbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Flyers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gareth_Wigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unhook_the_Stars http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gareth_Wigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack-O http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Latshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluke_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Turtle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willowbee http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Turtle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsenic_and_Old_Lace_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limehouse_Blues http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hornblow,_Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Con_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Bruckheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_the_Game http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_C._Caruso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperado_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Borden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollyanna_(1960_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Golitzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Mnemonic_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Carmody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiplicity_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Carmody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimic_2 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Weinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldblooded_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_J._Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vie_en_rose_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_J._Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_and_Sheba http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrone_Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Shot_Andy_Warhol http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Kalin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Divorcee http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandro_S._Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabin_Boy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Di_Novi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Caper http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Di_Novi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhoot http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Di_Novi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_to_Exhale http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_McMillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_and_After_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumolah http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afdlin_Shauki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_to_Witch_Mountain_(1975_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_W._Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serial_Mom http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Tarlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Barron_(film_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriors_of_Virtue http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Forever http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_the_Navy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Force_One_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armyan_Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maid_in_Manhattan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Schiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%40me http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Schiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ruling_Class http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fathers%27_Day_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Were_Warriors_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bone_Snatcher http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Kohll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladybird%2C_Ladybird_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Kohll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Bengal http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Schenck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_to_Love_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Schenck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phat_Beach http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Schultz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_2:_Cruise_Control http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_de_Bont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Blade http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taka_Ichise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smilla%27s_Sense_of_Snow_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taka_Ichise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bye-Bye_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilann_Girard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raging_Bull http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Chartoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Man%27s_Burden_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Chartoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Living_Dead_3D http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Broadstreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_Driver http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Phillips_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Jacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_in_Love_(1984_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Jacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_of_Day http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Barish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dial_M_for_Murder http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassins_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flower_of_My_Secret http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Garc%C3%ADa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_on_34th_Street_(1994_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hughes_(filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thieves_and_Liars http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_M%C3%A9ndez_Matta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_by_Law_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_M%C3%A9ndez_Matta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_Dawn http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Hool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frighteners http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Zemeckis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nightmare_on_Elm_Street http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Shaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trial_and_Error_(1997_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Lynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Walked_by_Night http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Lynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love%21_Valour%21_Compassion%21_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Lynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_on_the_River_Kwai http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Spiegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witness_(1985_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_S._Feldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkabout_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_S._Feldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Rhapsody http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Kerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Parts_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Mancuso,_Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Sun_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Mancuso,_Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollow_Reed http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Mancuso,_Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_House_Standing http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Mancuso,_Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Moment_of_Innocence http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abolfazi_Alagheband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Holland%27s_Opus http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abolfazi_Alagheband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Di_que_s%C3%AD http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abolfazi_Alagheband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawnmower_Man_2:_Beyond_Cyberspace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abolfazi_Alagheband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akarshan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanvir_Ahmed_(director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_for_the_Holidays_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodie_Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_&_Viv http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodie_Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_Sorcerers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodie_Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_the_Devil_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Huston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shagird http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subodh_Mukherjee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glimmer_Man http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Seagal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Attenborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores_Claiborne_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Hackford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosferatu_the_Vampyre http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Herzog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason%27s_Lyric http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Herzog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Herzog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Angels http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Herzog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbo:_A_Power_Rangers_Movie http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Tzachor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxing_Helena http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Tzachor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Dog_Time http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Down_Below_(1997_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Seagal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Ventura:_Pet_Detective http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_G._Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_(1998_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Rudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Kid http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Birnbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_in_Time_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_and_Bone_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Rosenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Richer_or_Poorer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Baker_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fille_du_peuple http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Baker_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schizopolis http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_of_the_Finzi-Continis_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_Brauner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evita_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stigwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timecop http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_G._Tapert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dough_and_Dynamite http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack_Sennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_on_the_Side http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Vachon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Other_Catastrophes http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Vachon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_Picasso http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_There http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roommates_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intimate_Relations_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehboob_Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kissed http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynne_Stopkewich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaws_2 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_D._Zanuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Men http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubrey_Schenck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Promesse http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubrey_Schenck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Guns_II http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_G._Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Agromonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_Brothers_2000 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Belzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.R.A.Z.Y. http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Even
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FL_19%2C99 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Even
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Ever_Mozart http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Sarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faust_(1994_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarom%C3%ADr_Kallista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Correspondent_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Wanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybil_Robson_Orr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amityville_Dollhouse http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_White_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Chasers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxie_Collier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_3 http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Giler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioland_Murders http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_of_Death_(1995_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_(1996_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grease_2 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Carr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_of_Fire http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Wang_(actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_First_Contact http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lauritson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Lucy_Fell http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_Jenkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliffhanger_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Kassar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_Deal_(1948_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Small
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trainspotting_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Macdonald_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singin%27_in_the_Rain http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Macdonald_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_at_Tiffany%27s_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Macdonald_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_Ivy_II:_Lily http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Macdonald_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Fellow_Americans http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamma_Roma http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Bini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FairyTale:_A_True_Story http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Davey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Holiday http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_(1997_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Wonderful_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Dredd_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Streetcar_Named_Desire_(1951_film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_K._Feldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malice_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty_Two_Short_Films_About_Glenn_Gould http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niv_Fichman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inventing_the_Abbotts http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulee%27s_Gold http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Poisoner%27s_Handbook http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delicatessen_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Crypt_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Subotsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_a_Man_Loves_a_Woman_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Avnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_the_First http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Avnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Giorgi_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Nothing_(film) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Giorgi_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Balloon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurosh_Mazkouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godfather http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_S._Ruddy